There's all this hype especially now
with AI around programmatic SEO, right?
It's like blast content out there. Make
sure like the search engines go index it
and and just ensure that you're trying
to create as much content as possible.
The main problem occurs once the actual
user lands on that article. It has no
life to it.
[Music]
How to scale to 10 million ARR and
beyond with only paid ads. Welcome back
to a fresh episode of breaking B2B.com.
I'm your host Sam Dunning, founder over
at breaking B2B
and today we're going to be sharing
exactly how you can do that. Joining me
is Neils Clement. Neiels is a CMO over
at Perspective. They're a 10 million AR
B2B SAS. Neils, how are we doing, sir?
Very, very good, man. Thanks for having
me. Very show. Very, very welcome, sir.
So, looking forward to this. We're going
diving into bit of an unusual one. Every
now and then, I like to bring on
marketers, founders, revenue leaders,
and break down exactly how they've got
their company, whether it's B2B service
or tech or SAS, to where they are now.
So, I think this could be an interesting
one. And I know that we were discussing
just before we hit record that you
started in around I think it was 2022
when they were about 3 million ARR since
you've scaled them to 10 million ARR
back in 2024
through paid media alone. So we'll talk
about that. We'll talk about what the
early days look like. We'll talk about
what the scaling what the growing pains
look like. We'll talk about some of the
biggest mistakes, learnings, so
marketers, founders, revenue leaders
tuning in can hopefully learn from those
mistakes and maybe fasttrack their
journey. But first and foremost, why the
heck did you choose to do only do paid
media? Didn't you make your life hard by
doing that? It's a very good question,
man. And I think like truth be told, uh
by now there are many other channels
that also came into the mix over the
long haul, but uh the primary one to
this day is still paid media. Um, and I
think the reason why why we chose it is
because we're fully bootstrapped. Maybe
it's also something for the title in
general, but uh we're fully bootstrapped
and so um we had limited resources from
the get-go. So the main question was how
can we figure out one channel that
ideally also scales far so it matches
the ambitions as to where we want to
take the company and uh yeah that
naturally somehow turned out to be paid
ads because it's the first thing that we
got working back in the day. Um and so
we just doubled down on it because uh it
was what we what we were best at and of
course like also with the product that
we have with what perspective is funnels
and mostly ad agencies and paid media
agencies leveraging our product um it
was also very very close to our DNA
right and um also something that we've
done before as an agency and uh it was
somehow just a natural progression. It
was the first thing that clicked for us
and uh also the one that we could scale
the furthest and uh yeah that's that's
basically how it came to be and why we
focused so much on it. Got it. Because
before the company was a SAS, it was an
agency, right? Correct. Yes. Yes. And
that was also where the where the
product concept came from actually. So
like in the early early days, um we've
been building uh award-winning websites
for Fortune 500 companies. We had uh
clients like Mercedes, we worked for
Coca-Cola, um for Google and and likes.
And um it was basically huge projects,
right? So huge projects mostly media uh
web design primarily um and and all that
good stuff. And then at some point um
then the agency started to also do paid
media services right because that is the
natural progression like hey yeah of
course like beautiful websites that's
one piece of the puzzle everybody wants
to have that but what do you do with
that if you don't have any traffic right
I think that makes makes sense and so um
we naturally transitioned into paid
media and being a paid media agency and
there was one specific case where we
built a uh configurator a configurator
page that was a little bit more
interactive it was more of a quiz funnel
basically and it worked so well um and
we had so much demand for it. Then
basically the idea was what like what
could it look like to actually
productize that? How could we enable
other people to actually build something
like that at scale and how can we enable
ourselves to build something like that
at scale and that is how uh perspective
was born or the idea for perspective was
born originally. Got it. So it was
almost out of your own kind of internal
pain point where you you thought you
could kind of upsell website clients,
new products, new services and the SAS
came from there. Correct. Correct.
Exactly. Gotcha.
Real quick, are you tired of seeing
competitors above you in Google's
organic search results and AI search
every time dream clients are searching
for your solution, your software,
comparing vendors or looking for
problems that you solve? Meaning those
competitors are stealing traffic, mind
share, pipeline, and revenue just
because they invested in an SEO program.
We fix that. breaking B2B with an
unusual approach to SEO and content
marketing for B2B and SAS companies. Why
not book a call to see if we can start
driving pipeline and revenues as quick
as 90 days with our different approach.
Head over to breaking.com to grab a
call. I look forward to chatting to you
soon. Back to the episode.
Okay, fine. So, you came on board after
they were a couple years in at 3 million
ARR.
What did that look like? So we were you
the first marketer that came on board
like talk us through those early days.
Yeah. So um before I took over marketing
Mikey uh or Michael um one of the
founders he he was running marketing and
he was also basically the one that um
that figured out paid ads as like the
first uh viable channel for perspective
to grow. Um and he figured out a concept
um that is still helping us grow to this
day which is the webinar concept because
inevitably as a SAS business you're
usually very uh cash flow constraint
right you have terms like payback period
for a reason because you usually pay
more in acquisition than you make back
immediately um and basically a webinar
funnel is a function for was a function
for us to to uh out compete that um that
cash flow constraint because we were
selling yearly bundles and that allowed
us to basically invest a buck into paid
ads and into paid distribution and from
there on make that money back faster so
we could re reinvest a little bit more
um or a little bit faster as well. Um
that also allowed us to grow uh to to
the first couple hundred thousands um in
MR and um yeah from there on there on
the question basically became okay what
what can we do to scale that um and that
is where where I came in and then we
started actually building a team around
it and actually building like like a
strong process around how how do we want
to do paid media and what can it look
like at scale um exactly but we've also
started to invest in a couple of other
things like we um we dabbled a little
bit in content marketing and We also
dabbled a little bit in affiliate
marketing and partnerships and that is
also uh growing currently but uh yeah
paid media was also in terms of the team
focus what we're focusing on as a team
the primary accountability that we're
still carrying to the states. Okay. Yes
sir. Got it. So to dive in a bit deeper
up until you came on a lot of the growth
was from paid media to kind of webinar
funnels. Mhm. Got it. Yes. And talk us
through for anyone that's tuning in
listening watching that's not that
famili familiar with that kind of flow.
What does that look like in layman's
terms?
Um the webinar funnel at the end of the
day is uh basically um like you like a
classic webinar that you see over and
over again and it's actually something
that's been used very widely in
marketing, right? It's you get people
you run an ad, you get people to
register for a webinar. That webinar
usually has a very very educational
angle because you also want to provide
value up front, right? You want to build
that rapport with the market. Then you
run that webinar and then you append a
pitch to it in the simplest terms. And
that pitch then usually is your product,
your service, a call with your sales
team or in our case yearly plans for for
our software. And uh the reason why that
works so well is especially like we we
have a um free trial model, right? So
you can sign up for perspective getting
a 14-day free trial just testing the
tool, seeing if it actually fits your
use case, and then you know if you like
it, you continue to use it. If not, you
don't. And um because of that media
spend that we are able to invest within
that webinar funnel and we have that
refinancing option at the end of this
funnel where people are purchasing
yearly plans all the trials that are
being generated through that
distribution in the front end are
technically free right and so it's it's
like a um it's a different version of
the traditional SAS funnel where you
would usually see SAS businesses and B2B
running ads towards a demo page or like
hey book a demo or get a free trial and
all that good stuff And that definitely
works, but you need to have a lot of
certainty in your numbers, right? You
need to know exactly, okay, how much am
I able to spend per demo because I know
exactly how well my sales team closes or
how much am I able to spend per trial
because I know exactly how well my
product closes, etc., etc. And if you
don't have that figured out early, you
can't really invest confidently. And so
that webinar funnel was a a very very um
helpful helpful motion for us to also
have more confidence and then be able to
invest a little bit more. But that's
basically what it looks like simply. You
run an ad, you get people to register,
you provide a lot of value, you pitch
them at the end and uh that is that
growth loop that you're that you're
creating through that. Got it. Okay.
Fine. So that that's when you came on
board and when when you kind of saw the
growth that they that the founders got
to kind of 3 million R. What what were
your first kind of steps? What were the
first things that you evaluated, looked
at, put in place?
It's a really good question because I I
remember distinctly like back in the day
um we've been only active in the German
market uh before before now and we
basically only grew within within the
German market and um one interesting
caveat that comes it's basically like a
a pro and a con of uh the type of
product that we've been building. it's
that the use case applies to many many
different businesses and uh at the end
of the day right the local bakery can
build a lead genen funnel or a
recruiting funnel. Uh but at the same
time you know an agency could do the
same thing or whatever there's so many
different industries that could benefit
from perspective and actually when we
looked at our at our company at our user
base um that was also quite apparent. we
had lots and lots of different users,
but we have never really taken the time
to double down on who is it actually
that we want to focus on also in terms
of communication. Um, and so like a lot
of the um the early things that we've
done back then or that that I've done uh
when I'm I joined the company was also
like let's just get let's just get the
foundation straight. Who is it exactly
that we're trying to get into the
product? Who is it exactly that we're
building for? And um what does that look
like long term? And how does our
strategy need to change to reach those
people? So I think it's a very cliche
thing to say. It's like know your
customer. Figure figure out your ICP
rights like every LinkedIn post out
there in B2B. Uh but it's the truth.
It's the truth. Um so yeah, that was
definitely one of the first things. Um
exactly. And then honestly the next
biggest thing and that is uh I think for
any company that grows quite heavily
through med paid media um content in
general um maybe that now changes a
little bit with AI but content in
general is a quite ops heavy game,
right? So there's there's a lot of
operations behind it. If you want to
scale organic content, if you want to
scale um paid media content and app
creatives, creative is the fuel for both
of these um for any social channel if
it's organic or if it's paid. And it is
a lot of work to make sure that you're
creating quality creative um at scale.
Mhm. Um and so that was basically the
the next thing that we focused on or
that I focused on was okay, how can we
figure out a process to actually make
that happen and actually make sure that
if we want to invest more money into
paid because it's working well for us,
how can we ensure efficiency doesn't go
um um doesn't break on us, right? And
we're and and customer acquisition cost
doesn't rise too heavily if we're trying
to double budgets or things like that.
So that was the next biggest challenge.
And um sometimes it's going better,
sometimes going worse. It's an ongoing
challenge of course like running in a
creative engine like that. Um, but that
was definitely the two uh biggest first
first items on the list. Got it. Makes
sense. I mean that that's the foundation
I guess evaluating your ICP. Looking at
your current customer base and I guess
evaluating did you see any when you when
you first came on board? Were there any
surprising things that you saw? I.e. oh
we shouldn't be going after these
customers or these really aren't
profitable or we've only got two of
these clients but we could actually like
if we doubled down on these it would
really help our margins. Mhm. Yeah, it's
a it's an interesting uh question. So, I
think there is a lot of opinions and a
lot of gut feel within within the
company uh already and um that was
specifically around who we should focus
on. Yeah. And funnily um that was the
correct gut feel because of course like
founders are talking to users like the
team is talking to users we're in touch
with users all day long. Um so usually
the gut feel already is is a good piece
of data but having that confirmed and
getting some certainty is very very
important. And um because of that gut
feel there was also not too much clarity
on how we wanted to execute. For example
like this idea for us back then we we
focused a lot on recruiting agencies in
the German speaking market. It was um
huge market is a huge market to this day
because recruiting is a very very
pressing problem um in this market. And
so um we we still set in our ads for
example like a very very simple but
actionable example we said things like
hey marketers instead of hey recruiting
agencies. And so we fixed it by saying,
"Hey, recruiting agencies." Right? It's
like small things like that, but at
scale and making sure that that's dialed
in and consistent across channels. That
was actually one of the one of the
things that's um that we changed
immediately. Like something that was um
that was quite actionable. And I think
like in general also because uh you know
my my background was paid media um for
all my life, for all my career so far.
Um there were definitely some
optimizations at at a broader scale that
that were able to that we were able to
do just in terms of for example okay
also dialing in our data making sure we
collect the right data from paid media
on the basis of that re-evaluating
previous business decisions like what
campaigns to spend on uh that we haven't
evaluated for a long long time and I
think that is actually very very
valuable especially when when like
anybody starting in a new role things
like that um or when looking at a fresh
ad account if you're an agency whatever
it really is like these fresh eyes and
coming into it with um without any
prejudices and really collecting the
right data, making the right decisions
can actually be um very very refreshing
and very very effective then going
forward. Nice. And you mentioned
creative just now. Do you have a a
process like you said there to to keep
it fresh, to keep it on point, to make
sure it resonates with your your dream
clients? Like is there a process that
you follow for that?
Um
the operations side of things is very
very processized. So basically okay from
idea of that ad how do we get it to land
in the ad account and receive budget to
be distributed that is a clear like
stepby-step uh straightforward process.
Um, one thing that I that I have um
found very very interesting to the state
is that is the variable of creative in
itself. Uh, which is also very very hard
to process and it's also very very hard
to teach from my point of view. Um,
because uh at the end of the day, right,
what what what is the what is the goal
of an ad? The goal of an ad is to take
some form of existing desire or problem
within the market and take that energy
and direct it towards your product so
people want to purchase. That is all
marketing tries to do. And uh I think
for you to do that in a way that is very
very unique and that actually gets
people to listen to you is a uh creative
exercise that is very very hard to
process because it takes a lot of
personal insight and a lot of uh
specific knowledge is maybe what Naval
would say right um but similar to
defining the ICP I think that is very
very important to get clarity on as to
how are you talking about your product
who are you talking to what are the pain
points that you're talking about what
are the value propositions that you're
talking about Um and that is only done
through a lot of research and a lot of
proximity to customers. And that is also
why we run live trainings for example
like I I sit in weekly live trainings
with 30 to 50 people at a time our
customers and I just listen to them. I
listen to the problems. I let them ask
ask questions and I try to answer them
and like after these live trainings I
have seven to 10 new ideas for ads to
run. And I think that is actually
something um that is quite um quite
undervalued when I think about it. It's
like just how much proximity actually
matters to making sure you produce
creative that actually has the chance to
change the trajectory of the business.
Um because oftent times it's it's what
people think um like what leadership
might think what marketers might think
what resonates but it's not what truly
does. And I think that is actually the
greatest challenge within it and
something that's not too easy to just
binarily process.
Great point. Great point. Yeah, I I I
completely agree. I mean, I think it is
something that's often overkipped from
my experience anyway, which is limited,
but as you go more and more up market to
mid-market companies, enterprise, it
feels like that directly talking to the
customer feeling just gets more and more
and more lost. Very good points. Yes.
Whereas when I speak to bootstrap
founders like yourself, marketing
leaders on this podcast, on discovery
calls, on sales calls each week, I get
the feeling that more and more of those
got boots on the ground, like you say,
whether that's through live sessions
talking to customers or webinars or
in-person events or private dinners,
whatever it is. Totally. But as you get
bigger and bigger, it feels like that
gets lost. Yeah. Yeah. 100%, man. 100%.
And I actually think that it's also very
very interesting talking about SEO as
you know one of your your main areas of
expertise. Um there's there's all this
hype especially now with AI around
programmatic SEO, right? It's like blast
content out there. Make sure like the
search engines go index it and and just
ensure that you're trying to create as
much content as possible. The big
problem that I would have with that
approach and I I'm not saying it's not
valid. I think there it actually can
create a lot of value. But the main
problem occurs once the actual user
lands on that article. It has no life to
it. It has no unique point of view. It
has most likely also no beautiful
design. Right? It's like these
intangibles that matter so much in
converting someone or in changing
someone's mind. I usually um yeah like
are are very very uh hard to come by and
like very hard to craft and it takes a
lot of effort and it usually doesn't
work with just a you know quantity
approach. Um, and I think that applies
in any marketing channel similar to SEO
or paid ads in this case. Yeah, I think
it's a great lesson for marketers and
founders in general. Something I ramble
on about on LinkedIn on the podcast all
the time is especially with you
mentioned SEO with our angle of SEO like
you can rank. But you're not going to
convert unless you resonate with your
ICP. That's why at least at this stage
we're at that's why what AI tools lack
that customer research that boots on the
ground actually talking to prospects
customers whether they're recent one
recent churned whatever
because that's that's why you need that
customer research that that direct
insight so you can speak to their pain
points their goals their jobs to be done
their frustrations um because without
that like you say it's likely to fall
flat unless you're unless you're
flogging something kind of really low
consideration operation,
but even then I'd say it's still still
somewhat important. Yeah, I agree. So
agree. Yeah, great great really
important point. Okay, cool. So that's
that's kind of early days. Started
started with the German recruitment
market, evaluated the customer base, the
ICP,
started nailing down a process for for
the creative, started talking to
customers regularly, weekly sessions.
What was like the first milestone? So
starting at 3 million AR, what was the
first kind of milestone that you hit
and how long did it take? Dude, like to
be honest, I don't have I don't have the
specific timeline. Like it's all a blur
honestly. Like it just like I started
and I never stopped. It's very very hard
to give you specific milestones or
specific timelines to be honest. But
like one of the bigger changes for us
definitely that definitely that I can
speak on is um like we have um been
building within that German market for a
long long time and only beginning of
this year like we truly started to
started to figure out okay how do we
actually want to can grow into the big
leagues right how can we actually go and
and master this this international
market this English speaking market how
can we ensure that we actually also win
users over there and that is like an
entirely new journey as well and It felt
like uh in many different ways we had to
start from like a completely clean slate
and and literally figure out so many
things uh in you because all the things
that you feel like you have learned in
that market before and all the data that
you had and and all the insights that
you had and and the customer
conversations like yes there's there's
maybe still things that you can take
over but guess what different markets
also behave very very differently and
that was like a huge huge learning for
us and it's still a huge learning
process uh Uh but it's one that's uh
very very gratifying because also if you
look at it in terms of like revenue
potential for for any company or any
software company that tries to to go
global of course if we were to just
focus on one specific geocation we'd be
capped we'd be capped in terms of growth
right and uh and our ambitions
definitely uh span beyond that and in
general also like interestingly when I
look into the market out there
specifically for for what perspective is
and for those that don't know what
perspective This is basically a funnel
builder primarily designed for ad
agencies that focus on speed and
performance, right? So the the goal of a
perspective funnel is to be spun up in a
fairly short amount of time and make
sure to crush your results wherever
you're getting traffic from. That is
basically the idea. And the landscape
within landing pager landing page and
and funnel builders out there in the
international market is huge. It's huge.
It's multi-billions, right? And there's
big players um that everybody has heard
of just because they have been doing an
amazing job. Um but I think specifically
from that product uh point of view um
there's a lot of opportunity for a new
solution for something that's fresher
that's faster that's more beautiful
that's UX first um and that's more
effective and that's exactly what we're
building for but of course also that
competitive landscape is very very
different and and all of a sudden we
need to learn all these new things and
and learn how how customers uh think
differently about that. So that has
definitely been a a bigger journey but
also a very gratifying milestone because
like only since this year we've been
like we've been growing quite uh quite
uh fast again. Um and it's primarily
because we're opening new markets and
and we're uh yeah we're building
beautiful new solutions within our
product. So that's that's definitely the
biggest milestone in the last couple of
years. When did you move outside of
Germany into other geos and what did
that look like? So we did first testing
quite early also last year. Um but you
can imagine it like we had these big
ambitions wanted to go global right and
and uh free the global market. Um but uh
we basically were just investing 20% of
our time into that biggest opportunity
supposedly and uh that was also quite
the journey. Um because of course it's I
think also looking back it's um it was
driven a lot by also by by fear. Um when
I think leadership uh of course if you
have a viable business, if you have a
stable business, if you have a good well
like well-sized business, of course it's
the primary goal is to not lose it,
right? That is that is what you want to
make sure before you try to build
something completely fresh, right? So
the fear of loss is way way uh way way
stronger than like the the desire for
something new or the desire for gain.
And so we truly had to um because we are
limited in resources, we are
bootstrapped, we kill, we still can't uh
you know just all of a sudden hire a
hundred people and somehow get it done
and just brute force our way through
this. Um so we really had to rep
prioritize quite quite heavily and that
was uh only done earlier this year where
we where we said all right for example
we uh switched all of our communications
from German to to English and uh said no
to localization. We will most likely do
localization at some point again. Um but
that will require different resources
and and different priorities one more
time. But uh yeah, these are for example
switches that that came along and that
started happening earlier this year. Got
it. And were there certain geographies
that you moved into first?
Also good question. We um we've seen a
lot of resonance in in um the Dutch
market for example. That was that was a
market that uh enjoyed our product for
for a long long time. still does still
does. Um, but we've we've seen and we've
tested many different things. We've um
we've interviewed with a lot of
customers as well. Looked at all of our
data of course in terms of excuse me um
in terms of retention and and to pay
conversion rate like all the important
metrics that we have in SAS and um what
we've realized is okay interesting like
yes perception is a little bit different
and who these customers are comparing us
or our product against is also a little
bit different but generally speaking
these look all very very alike.
And so then the question became all
right if uh if all this seems like it's
going to be similarly easy slashh hard
let's just go for the the biggest
opportunity which is the English
speaking market primarily UK and US and
so these are now the the primary markets
that we're focusing on. Got it. Yeah.
Exactly. All right. But you got to 10
million before you shifted outside of
Germany. Yes, sir. Yeah. Okay.
Understood. Exactly. What's been like
the biggest challenge moving outside of
the German market?
I think it's it's different customer
expectations. Uh especially because how
of how we're building our product and
and how we've been doing doing
marketing. That was just like the the
main challenge was uh literally um
stepping back into that beginner's
mindset. It's um being okay with uh not
knowing again and then needing to figure
it out and like literally do the
groundwork. There was many many cold DMs
that I sent to customers that have
canceled without you know uh wanting to
talk to us without leaving a note
without any feedback and I we needed to
get that feedback. So hunting for that
talking to as many customers as possible
doing lots and lots of research testing
um hundreds and hundreds of iterations
of new funnels of new creative of
content etc etc like really really going
back into the weeds in that sense and
and we've been always in the weeds where
all of us are are very much builders. Um
but that was definitely the biggest
challenge when not knowing trying to
somewhere find opportunities and
positive signals and really go dig for
them. Um and uh yeah that that truly
then paid off uh so far but that was
definitely the biggest challenge like
just finding what can work again. Yeah.
Gotcha. Okay. Exactly. And when like
going back to actually scaling up until
last year when you were still in
Germany, what else was there any in
terms of that growth trajectory
trajectory? Was it mainly just doing
more of the same? Like it sounds like
you had a good feel for the market. You
were talking to customers all the time.
You were knowing their problems, what
they're struggling with, what they
actually wanted to get out of the
product, I'm guessing, and what the
product was missing, what the product
was lacking. So you constantly iterate.
You're working on creative. You're
building out processes. I think you said
you were building out a team. So perhaps
you can talk us kind of what that looked
like going from just yourself on
marketing and building out a team and
kind of what you feel the other moments
were that kind of helped help you hit
that 10 10 mil milestone. Yeah. Yeah.
That's an interesting question and I
think like um we've been uh the idea of
channel diversification has been uh also
quite on my mind and has been also part
of the strategy for a longer time. Um,
but it's similar to this switch from
like the German speaking market over to
to international markets. It's okay, if
you truly want to build a channel that
is as significant as paid media is to
us, for example, um, like you can't do
that by investing 10% of your time,
right? It's it's like you need to really
go like aggressively go and build for
that channel and make sure there's a lot
of resources on the channel for it to
even have a chance to succeed,
especially if it's measured against the
previous success with other channels.
And so for us um back then it was quite
clear that um for especially within the
in the German market um we primarily
focused on paid media because that
worked so well for us. Um we also did a
couple of other things like organic
marketing like we we ran a podcast and
all these things and that worked and I
think it's especially important for
product marketing um to just spread the
words and spread the word about the
success of our customers but the main
distribution channel continued to be um
paid advertising. One other thing that
we then did and that is also something
um that helped us immensely to this day
is because we were quite good at doing
these webinars also on an evergreen
basis. We've done release events quite
successfully with thousands of people
watching live. Most of them of course
being our customers. So other potential
customers that are interested in in
switching over and so Mikey um the one
of the founders he basically spun up
this beautiful presentation. Um, last
time we did a we did like a nice keynote
Apple style video that was also pretty
sick, a pretty cool project uh that
everybody on the team enjoyed. But we've
been basically building like a set of
features that we know would be very well
recepted by the market based on feature
requests based on voices and then we ran
up a huge release event as I said with
thousands of people watching live like
classic like a like a WW uh DC like
Apple would do, right? And these also
very much helped us um in terms of
market perception um also maintaining
that market leader perception I think
specifically within that German market
and then um from there on also with
retention because we always were able to
like make sure everybody knows exactly
about the vision that we're building
for. So that was another bigger channel
but of course attached to that was also
a lot of paid media. Um and one new
thing that we're now very much focusing
on um especially after paid media still
is a a viable channel and continues to
be even more viable now that we moved
into different geolocations. Um but
partnerships is one thing that we truly
believe in especially within a very
closely knitted community like
performance marketers and agencies uh
online right um so there's a clear clear
community around that topic and uh we're
part of that community. We're building
for the people. We are the people and uh
we're we're looking to just be very very
well connected with all of the
influential people within within that
community. Make sure we provide as much
value as possible, get all of them
successful with our product and then
take it from there. So, uh yeah, second
thing you ask is team structure. I can
also dive a little bit deeper into that
if you like. Yeah, sounds good. Yeah.
And one thing that I think um
was always a strength was also do a lot
with rather little. So we we never like
uh I think the biggest team size that we
ever had to this date and we are still
at that point is roughly 40 people most
of which are engineering and products.
Um reason being uh it's quite
straightforward. We are in a globally uh
in a global very competitive market and
our commitment is to build the best
freaking piece of software there is.
There's just no way around that right we
want to make sure that everybody out
there in that market knows exactly hey
this is the place to be. This is what I
want to use. Um and so that's where we
where we focus most of our our
resources. But so far what the team
looks like for us is we um uh do have
one performance marketer, we do have one
video editor in full-time um right now
creative strategy and freelance also
hiring for creative strategy if anybody
is interested. Uh just to uh to plug
that quickly right here. But basically
these two gentlemen, the performance
marketer is Elliot, the video editor is
Jackie. These two gentlemen are
completely focused on that paid media
function. So Elliot is running all the
paid social accounts, right? And uh Jack
is of course making sure that all the
paid social accounts have enough fuel to
actually spend money and do so
effectively. So that is one of the
primary functions um or the primary
function currently within the team.
Second function is partnerships as I
said before like we do have an affiliate
program that is quite successful
nowadays. We do have different sorts and
variations of partner programs where we
partner with bigger strategic partners
like more influence uh influential
people within the game. um we we focus
on how can we u make our successful
customers spokespeople of perspective.
Um so there's many different um
different specific projects within that
partnerships realm um that are that are
starting to pay off quite well. And then
a third piece piece of it is content and
product marketing. So u within there
we're we're starting with SEO right now.
That is a definitely a bigger piece.
Product marketing is a huge thing for us
in general. We're quite focused on this
direct response motion, but we do know
exactly that of course you can't just
have big promises and big claims and
lots of proof. Yes, that works in terms
of conversion. But what is the substance
and how can we actually communicate to
our customers and to the market what are
the beautiful things that we're
building. So that is that is the third
function and that is what the team looks
like. Specifically in partnerships we
have two more people and in um product
uh marketing and content we have two
more people as well. So it's total of uh
six people right now. Got it.
quite lean. Exactly. Quite a lean
operation and we we're trying to to stay
that way. Um especially now with AI and
and different ways of leveraging these
processes. I think there's opportunity
to to try and maintain that for as long
as possible. It feels like a lot of B2B
SAS and tech companies are doing the
same. Especially these kind of 5 million
AR 10 million ARR companies at least the
founders that I know kind of doing
similar things. I think also the the um
the trend shifted a little bit, right?
Especially like with the market drying
up a little bit in terms of VC money and
all that good stuff and maybe it's
opening up a little bit more recently,
but um the the clear trend from let's
grow as efficiently as possible from uh
let's grow at all cost has been there
even for like funded companies and uh we
have had that mindset from the get-go
because we didn't have any other choice.
So, uh, yeah, I think I think many
other, um, it resonates with many other
by now as well. Got it. Got it. Yeah.
And what what did your are you able to
disclose what your paid media spend
looked like like from the early days
like what it looks like now?
Um, I should have brought the data, man.
If you're going into the just as a rough
idea, I think marketers listening might
be might be interested to know. Yeah.
No, we've been spending like um like
depends on the month, depends on the
performance, depends on how well like
how well creative is going for us,
right? And how how good the funnels are.
But uh in the higher higher months, we
had months where we spent 250 a month on
ads been able to do that. Um and in the
lower it's like like I think we start
like we started with five grand uh a
month or 10 grand a month, right? Like
very very slow because you need to just
prove that that in in and of itself is
profitable. Once that's done, you can
scale it up. So like from from starting
out 10 to 250 grand a month is like the
range where it's at. Got it. Yeah.
Exactly. How much of that growth outside
of paid media as you were growing to 10
million AR do you think was from word of
mouth like referrals the product kind of
selling itself the branding and all that
kind of stuff and the virality I suppose
of products a bit like if you compare
Calendarly every time you see calendarly
you see the logo and someone might share
it etc. Yeah. Yeah. So one huge thing uh
for us is actually recommendation like
because we are operating within a very
close tight-knitted community. Um
recommendation was always big for us and
we had like it was actually a primary
like next to paid media the primary
thing that was driving new people into
the software recommendation. The other
ones I don't know the ex exact
percentages but I I would assume like um
at some point maybe paid media was 40%
then recommendation was 60% but of
course recommendation is something that
we couldn't perfectly influence other
than building the greatest affiliate um
program there is um and the other ones
in the lower percentages definitely and
uh making like the last share maybe of
of that. But um uh that was the the
primary two and it's exactly still still
still the case and partnerships now is
slowly but surely uh taking a bigger
bigger share of that entire pie. So um
exactly talk to us a bit more about how
you think about kind of customer success
and making sure folks like you say you
want your product to be the best like
what what does that actually look like?
What what can marketers and founders
glean from that? Yeah, also a great
question, man, because I think like
especially um like the dream of the SAS
business is, oh, damn, I have this
extremely leveraged business model where
I can just dump as many people into it
and then all of a sudden all of them
keep paying subscriptions. Guess what?
That's unfortunately not the truth,
right? It's uh it's a lot more service-
based also than um than what many people
uh might think. Um and at the end of the
day also the marketing team what we're
quite focused on and that's also this
this entire product and content
marketing function or why I'm running
these live trainings that I've talked
about before right it's not just for the
prox customer proximity but also to
ensure customers are success successful
and especially with a product like um
funnels or landing pages and
specifically our industry um a big
variable of your success with a product
is how good you are at driving traffic.
Do you have a source to get visitors
from? Because otherwise you won't
generate any leads, right? And so that
is what we're quite focused on in terms
of the help material that we create. We
uh do have a school community of uh
thousands of people. Um our Facebook
community is more than 10,000 people and
we like literally what we do there all
day is do customer support on all types
of questions as it relates to marketing.
That's a big pie of it. On top of that,
we do the weekly live trainings. On top
of that, we have video courses on how to
integrate Meta um your integrate
integrate your meta pixel, how to set up
your first campaigns, right? So, there's
tons and tons of help articles that
Louisa um is is creating and and uh is
making sure um are are very
straightforward and helpful. So, there's
loads and loads of content that is
basically only seen primarily by our
customers because yes, this customer
success part is very very important for
retention and very very important of um
in general for your growth of course. So
definitely something to not be
underestimated.
I think we're not too dissimilar in how
we think about that. I mean, are you are
you of the mindset that you should give
prospects or customers almost everything
so they can do it themselves, but they
won't because it'll be hard work. So aka
in my line of work, they'll choose us to
run their SEO as a service. In your line
of work, they'll choose your product
because it makes it so much easier. So
they can you give them all the
information possible so they technically
could do it themselves and cobble cobble
a solution together but they realize
that you've actually got the painkiller.
Oh, it's it's such a good question, man,
because how we think about uh onboarding
in general because onboarding is a huge
topic within SAS, right? Like what's the
experience of a user after he decided or
she decided to try your product? Um how
well can you can you um provide that
value that your product should provide
to them and how fast? There's basically
three categories there. It's um skill
like how skilled are they to actually
make it happen. It's how much then time
and it's belief. So time is then how
much time do they actually have to
invest into it and to set it up right
and then belief is how uh strong is the
belief to actually make it happen that
it's going to be successful and you need
to make sure that you're that you're
like all three are um strong so you want
to have the most skilled user you want
the user with the most time and you want
the user with the strongest belief that
they are going to be successful um
exactly and can you just quickly repeat
your question because maybe I'm losing
track a little Yeah, it was it was along
the lines of are you a believer a bit
like myself like give give everything
away give everything away and then some
people will try and cobble it together
themselves get so frustrated and
eventually yes eventually you others
won't others might do it themselves yes
totally totally and I think that's also
why um why we are focusing so much on
agencies as well right because uh many
people there's there's a huge chunk of
the market that needs landing page pages
that needs funnels but they would never
do themselves just because they don't
want to invest the time or they just
don't want to in general. It's not their
priority. They don't see it as a
priority. That's where the agencies come
in, right? Similar to like like it is in
in your industry or like in SEO in
general. For us, it's the same thing. We
call these people the perspective
agencies. There's many agencies that
literally build their business model on
top of our product because it's so fast
to use and gets so great performance. Um
and so yeah, I think um I think we we
try to do both, right? We try to make
sure that people are uh very successful
and are very um get the skills that they
need to get it done themselves and
actually believe that they want to get
it done and that it's important thing to
get done. And for those that aren't
there, we try to focus a lot on agencies
and enable agencies to acquire more of
the clients that are not interested in
doing it themselves for some reason.
Yeah, I like it. Let's dive a bit deeper
into that as we wrap up because I think
that's going to be useful to end on. So,
sounds good. How do you think about
that? Because it sounds like if we go
back to right at the very start of the
conversation, you talked about the
webinars you run, make them as
educational, as helpful as possible, but
of course plug plug your product, your
offer, your service. Yeah. Um, how do
you think about that? How do you
recommend other marketers, founders
think about actually, I guess, gleaning
the insights of what does make helpful,
useful, educational, entertaining
content for prospective customers? Like
what's the workflow? Mhm. Um, one thing
that we uh, in general like our DNA is
in performance marketing and it was
always in performance marketing, right?
And so I think like I also have the
natural tendency to primarily look onto
into how do I make this convert? How do
I make sure people watch it? They watch
it all the way and at the end they click
this button to then go purchase or get a
free trial. Um, at the same time though
and that is especially why it's so
important for for SAS um, or any product
where you essentially leave a lot of
investment from your customers. May it
be time, may it be uh may it be um
skill, etc., etc. Um you want to make
sure that they know as much as possible
exactly about what this they are going
to expect when they make the decision to
buy from you, right? And so one one
thing that we uh also run a lot in
marketing is the so-called VSSL. It's
the video sales letter, right? A tried
and true concept within performance
marketing and um or within marketing in
general. And so back in the day, I was
usually trying to figure out the p
perfect argumentative structure for a
VSSL. Like what are the things I can say
that like immediately convince people to
to buy our product. By now, whenever I
craft a VSSL, whenever we as a team
craft a VSSL, we focus on the hook. We
want to make sure that's a very very
strong hook that it has the desired
results or whatever we're promising um
very beautifully put at the beginning
because we want to make sure people
watch the video. The middle part is
usually just focused on education.
Right. So, we really dive deep into um
into how to use the product into how
exactly that fits with that specific use
case like all the questions essentially
that customers are asking themselves if
they're considering to buy a product.
And then we end usually on a uh on two
things actually. So, lots of social
proof because believe it or not, it
always increases conversion. And last
but not least, a really strong offer
call to action. So, we focus on these
four things, right? So, it's a great
hook. It's very educational and valuable
content. It's lots of social proof and
it's a strong offer call to action. And
I think if you have that and that goes
for any type of marketing piece, right?
If it's a ad creative, if it's organic
content, um if it's a VSSL, if it's a
webinar, if you have these four pieces,
I think there's good chance that you'll
be successful. Love it. And as we wrap
up, as I think you got a couple minutes,
share with us, we've talked about a lot
of the good stuff, but what's what's
like the most painful mistake or
mistakes that you've made along the way?
Because it can't all be good. most
painful painful mistake. No, of course
not, man. I think the the most painful
um mistake um and that is a good and a
bad thing is I think like in general
also in terms of how how I operate and
I'm just going to speak now for myself a
little bit. So I'm a very impatient
person as it relates to to business and
as it relates to growth. Like I'm always
chasing opportunities. I'm always like
what's the next biggest thing? How can
we make this faster? How can we add 100
more customers etc etc? how can we you
know right like it's it's always like
that question is very big on my minds
and I think it leads me to um to not be
patient enough to to get feedback in the
deepest way so for example there have
been campaigns that I like that I pushed
for scaling up where we invested a lot
of money where not as much money as
originally anticipated came back um and
so that is something that I had to learn
learn the hard way in the early days
it's like like see the full full story
think it through from beginning to end
and think for yourself um and that was
definitely like there were a couple ofa
occasions of that um but it's definitely
something I had to learn the hard way
and wasn't easy and there was also many
things and many campaigns that we've
crafted uh that I have crafted where I
doubted myself because I've been
iterating on the hundreds of iterations
and it still didn't work and letting go
of these types of projects and letting
go of these these things that that don't
really work was also a little bit tough
on me um and it happens over and over
again but we push through and once in a
while is the silver bullet that actually
makes it happen um so Yeah, two pieces
there. I think I'm certainly guilty of
that, being impatient, wanting wanting
impact fast. How is there anything you
tell yourself when it comes to that?
Like we want to switch this campaign or
we want this or I think they'll get a
quick win off this like what do you tell
yourself?
I um truly had to become way better at
focus and I think like um it's just the
timelines that I play in my in my mind.
It's like, you know, hundred million by
end of this year, billion dollar company
by by end of end of the month. Like like
he can stretch it as as far as he wants.
At the end of the day, like truthfully,
if you if you give yourself a big enough
timeline, you also allow yourself to uh
basically just focus on the most
important things, but I think still
think it's very important to um to be on
very short cycles. So for example, we do
monthly project cycles because that also
allows us to not squeeze anything into a
quarter because we feel like oh now this
is so important and we would have to
wait three months to actually go and
execute it. No, we reconsider every
single month on what's the most
important priority and that allows us to
actually within a month focus on what we
decided to be the priority and just push
the other stuff to the next uh next
month. So quick little t trick there. Uh
that was definitely super impactful for
us. Good stuff. Yes, sir. Good way to
wrap it up. Neils, very much appreciate
the time. Enjoyed the conversation.
Thanks for being open with what's
worked, what hasn't with that. Likewise,
man. Please do tell us myself and the
audience more about how they can learn
from you, connect with you, and the best
way to get in touch. Totally. So, uh,
it's Neil's Clement on LinkedIn. Um,
that's I think the the primary channel
in terms of organic, but of course, if
you want to grab a trial, check out the
the product that I that I talk so much
about. It's perspective.co and you'll
find all the information there. Um,
yeah, and I think that's the that's the
two two best channels. Awesome. Thanks
once again, man. Enjoyed the chat.
Likewise. Cheers, man. Thank you. No
worries. And as always, if you enjoyed
the episode, why not join thousands of
B2B legends enjoying the newsletter?
Head over to breaking B2B.com, hit the
newsletter tab for unusual B2B
marketing, SEO tips, case studies,
rundowns, and me just doing weird stuff
building in public. So with that, I'll
catch you on the next one. Thanks for
tuning in.